1.10 - Moar updates (#87)
MasterOfGrey/Grey-Victoria3-Reworks: Subject Interaction Suite/common/treaty_articles/z03_support_independence.txt

				save_temporary_scope_as = actor
			}
			custom_tooltip = {
				text = "DIPLOMATIC_PACT_REQUIREMENT_HIGH_LIBERTY_DESIRE"
				OR = {
					scope:source_country = {
						is_subject = no
					}
					scope:source_country = {
						overlord = scope:target_country.overlord
					}

> 					scope:source_country.liberty_desire >= 25 #offering country should not be about to lose its own independence 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
					scope:source_country.liberty_desire >= define:NDiplomacy|WAR_GOAL_INFAMY_LOW_LIBERTY_DESIRE_THRESHOLD # Keep using the define in case we/another mod changes the threshold - #offering country should not be about to lose its own independence 
```
